little before new year the comet more
bright of 2015 visit the earth
2014 is not over yet when we already have
opportunity to observe in the sky one
of the best and brightest comets
of 2015 the sheep and the space object will
is illuminating faster than
expected creating an incredible
show for the holidays he left and
is moving to the north and the 7
January to reach its position more
close to the earth about 70 million
of kilometers will be easily visible
without optical help for observers
of the northern hemisphere as a benefit
additional I leave it and it's happening close
of the orion constellation making it
easier to find in the sky then
will slide towards Taurus and the Pleiades
locked little before new year the comet
Brightest of 2015 visit the earth
2014 is not over yet when we already have
opportunity to observe in the sky one
of the best and brightest comets
of 2015 the lobe jo and the space object
it is in a
faster than expected creating a
incredible show for the holidays
I leave it and it is moving until the
north and on January 7 when reaching its
closest to the ground position about
70 million kilometers will be
easily visible without optical aid for
the observers of the northern hemisphere
as an added benefit I leave it and it's
happening near the constellation of
Orion making it easier to find
in the sky then it slides towards taurus
and the Pleiades what should produce
current photogenic scenes and
news and the Pleiades what should
produce photogenic scenes today
and news of the world